[Laughing Evilly]
Conquering this puny planet
will be a picnic.
As an appetizer,
I'll finish off this city.
Which robot will you use,
Doctor?
Hmm, let's see.
They all look so lethal.
Hmm, I can't choose.
[Chuckles]
Ah, Missile Wrist.
Perfect!
This whole thing
is Sonic's fault.
All Sonic did
was try and stop Eggman.
He didn't mean for us
to get sent here.
Even if Dr. Eggman
is the one to blame,
Sonic shouldn't
have pushed him so far.
He's not afraid to fight back!
Sonic just likes getting
into fights for kicks.
I'm not going any further
if you talk trash about Sonic.
I don't have time for this.
See ya.
You're not gonna leave me
alone down here, are you?
Do what you want.
That's your business.
This is gonna be impossible.
Hey, come on, Knuckles!
Don't be mad!
Wait up!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
That guy is so cute.
Dude, I totally wiped out
on that monster wave!
- 10 more minutes, kids!
- Oh, Mom!
Huh? Oh!
[Grunts]
Whoa!
That's okay.
I've got it.
[Laughs]
Aah!
[Gasping, murmuring]
Ooh. Uhh!
Aah!
[Gasps]
Aah! Aah!
[Screaming and shouting]
There's nothing more fun
than making waves at the beach.
Well, now that we've established
a beachhead here,
let's set our sights
on the city.
I like to keep the Tornado
nice and clean.
Tails, I'd love to study
this plane's mechanics some day.
Mmm, mmm, mmm.
Do you like that?
Mm-hmm!
I'm glad, Cheese.
Hey, Tails!
What's wrong?
Where's Sonic?
He left this morning.
He was going somewhere
to explore.
Downtown, I think.
If the police spot Sonic,
they'll try to catch him.
Catch Sonic?
I don't think so.
I just hope he's careful.
Hmm, that's not his style.
Sonic likes danger.
We have to bring him back!
Right away!
Hold it there!
Take one more step,
and we'll open fire!
Fire!
[Sighs]
There's a word for this.
Boring.
That thing's toast.
[Laughs evilly]
You cannot win.
I can clobber you klutzes
at will.
Now roll over or get run over.
We give up.
I can't stand quitters.
Give them what they deserve!
This is like trying to find
a hedgehog in a haystack.
Sonic!
Hey, Sonic!
Are you out there, Sonic?!
I don't think your friend
Sonic is here.
Let's look somewhere else,
Chris.
[Chuckles]
Wha ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha ha!
Knuckles, can't we take a break?
You take one if you want,
but I'm not stopping.
[Grumbles]
[Thinking] Casual conversation
would lighten things up.
So, what do you think
our chances are
of getting back home, Knuckles?
We'll get back for sure.
How can we?
I don't know, but we will.
Somehow, we will.
[Thinking] No matter what
it takes, I have to get back.
It's my mission to guard
the Master Emerald.
Nothing's going to stop me
from doing my job.
You can count on it.
Until I do find a way back,
I'm not going to rest
or get sidetracked.
- [Rumbling]
- Huh?
What's that?
Ohh!
Huh?
Aah!
[Whimpering]
[Chuckles]
Go to the roof.
We can do more damage
from up there.
Acknowledge.
Ho ho ho ho ho!
It appears we're
attracting a crowd.
Proceeding to
upper structural surface.
Oh!
Let's get this show on the air.
Please allow me
to introduce myself.
My name is Dr. Eggman, and I
have some exciting news for you.
Exciting for me, that is,
and catastrophic for you.
I have decided
to take over your world
and make it part
of the new Eggman Empire.
Resistance is futile.
You will submit to my rule
or be swept away
like dust bunnies.
Oh, ho ho ho ho!
So Eggman is here.
Turn yourself in now, bub,
or we'll haul you in!
You must be joking.
We're not playing around
here, buddy.
Pull over and let's see
your license and registration!
[Grumbles]
I am the one giving
the orders here!
Oh, yeah?!
What makes you think so?!
This makes me think so.
Aah!
Now will you surrender
your city?
Ah, sorry, Doc.
That's not my call.
We need to run it by the mayor.
Then go and bring him to me.
Come on, Chris.
Let's go!
Ready, Tails!
Good luck up there,
and be careful.
We'll be okay.
We'll find Sonic
and stop Dr. Eggman.
Don't you worry!
Goodbye, guys.
Okay, Chris.
Hang on!
Who are you?
I am the mayor of this city,
and I won't be blackmailed
into negotiating
with the likes of you!
Really?
Heh heh heh!
Aah!
Mayor, now are you ready
to negotiate with me?
[Coughing]
Technically, sir,
our charter doesn't allow me
to surrender the city.
Missile Wrist,
destroy this place before...
Eggman!
Aah!
Ohh!
It's Tails!
I'll teach that flying furball.
Attention, Missile Wrist.
Take aim at that plane.
Blast it out of the sky!
Acknowledge.
Those came pretty close!
Two can play at that game.
Hang on!
It's no use!
Its armor's too thick!
Hey, Tails, look out!
Ohh!
[Grunts]
This is what I call
an emergency!
We're in the jet set!
Ohh!
Tails is in trouble!
We got to find a way
to help him!
I've got more
important things to do.
Fine!
Who needs you?!
Don't go in there!
She's only gonna
get herself hurt.
- Amy!
- Huh?
Amy!
Hmm.
Stop!
[Grunts]
Great.
What'll I do now?
What's going on up there?
That's a robot on the roof.
This could be
an interplanetary invasion.
[All talking]
Oh, ho ho ho ho ho ho ho!
Eggman. So that clown
got sent here, too.
Time for me to join the party.
All right, I need a strategy.
What took you so long?
Ugh!
Hyah!
Leave Tails alone,
you tin bully!
Don't do it, Amy!
[Grunts]
Uh-oh!
Aah!
Hang on, Amy!
Hold it, knucklehead!
One more step,
and the girl's a goner.
No!
Knuckles!
I better pick up the pace if I
want to be part of the action!
Leave Amy alone,
or you'll be sorry!
Sorry?
I'm already sorry that you
and your friends have survived.
My consolation is
that it seems Sonic didn't.
Huh? Hmm?
Or did he?
Perhaps this is all a trap!
What if Sonic doesn't make it?
Oh?
It's okay!
Help is on the way!
Huh?
Get 'em, Sonic!
Ha ha!
Ohh!
[Chuckling]
Thanks.
Ha ha ha ha!
There he is.
Get ready to fire.
No!
Ha ha ha!
Hurry!
Fire!
Finally.
Hmm?
Fire away!
Ha ha!
Wise guy!
I'll show you!
[Humming]
Sonic!
Try the old slap on the wrist!
Yeah!
Mmm!
Bye!
Fire!
Ha ha!
[Chuckling]
All right, Sonic!
[Coughing]
You lose.
This isn't over, blue boy.
You haven't heard the last
of Eggman!
Soon I will rule this world,
this universe,
and the Chaos Emeralds
will be mine!
Oh, ho ho ho ho!
Oh, Sonic! Sonic!
You're okay!
[Straining]
Take it easy!
For a while there, Sonic,
I thought I'd never
see you again!
Amy, please, let me go!
Hmm.
Huh?
All right.
Nobody move.
Oh, great.
Now what?
Don't try running away.
Knuckles never runs
from a fight.
Hey, easy, pal.
[Grumbling]
Sonic!
Hey, Knuckles!
Come on!
Please, Knuckles!
Let's go!
[Grumbling]
Get him!
We'll go back to my house, guys!
Cream and Cheese are already
there waiting for us.
Wow! Them too?
So we're all here together.
Count me out.
This is where I get off.
No!
Don't go!
See ya around.
He's not coming with us?
Why not?
That's Knuckles.
He does things his way.